CUMULUS-2211: Add Granules Bulk Reingest api doc (#293)
nasa/cumulus-api: content/granules.md

```

Use the [Retrieve async operation](#retrieve-async-operation) endpoint with the `id` in the response to determine the status of the async operation.

## Bulk Reingest

Reingest the granules provided. Granules can be sent as a list of IDs or as an Elasticsearch query to the Metrics' Elasticsearch.

Overview of the request fields:

| Field | Required | Value | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | `ids` | `Y` - if no `query` | `Array<string>` | List of IDs to process. Required if there is no Elasticsearch query provided |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ids` | `yes` - if `query` not present | `Array<string>` | List of IDs to process. Required if there is no Elasticsearch query provided |
```

> | `query` | `Y` - if no `ids` | `Object` | Query to Elasticsearch to determine which Granules to be reingested. Required if no IDs are given. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `query` | `yes` - if `ids` not present | `Object` | Query to Elasticsearch to determine which Granules to be reingested. Required if no IDs are given. |
```

> | `index` | `Y` - if `query` is present | `string` | Elasticsearch index to search with the given query |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `index` | `yes` - if `query` is present | `string` | Elasticsearch index to search with the given query |
```

Reviewer: These make more sense to me this way. "Y" seemed like a value, not just like it was required. and the not present just echos the last "if present". Their just suggestions. Take them or leave them.
